---
layout: page

title: Facebook Group Guidelines
---

_These admin guidelines are for [Queer Aid's Facebook
group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/162278224778441). Please read these
before posting! Any feedback is very welcome - if you have any questions or
comments, get in touch with us at
[hello@queeraidmelbourne.org](mailto:hello@queeraidmelbourne.org) or make a
post in the group._

[COVID-19 Queer Aid Naarm/Melbourne](https://www.facebook.com/groups/162278224778441)
is a radical queer space. Ableism, racism, sexism, classism, antisemitism,
homophobia, fatphobia, transphobia, drug shaming, etc. will not be tolerated.

## Requests/Offers for Help

We currently have a 10:1 ratio of volunteers to help requests. If you are
self-isolating, quarantining, or at high risk, and need ongoing support, it
makes most sense to submit a help request over the [Request
Help form](https://forms.gle/DeHZU6cvaAhGK7UWA). If you are a health care
worker who would like support, please use the [Request
Help form](https://forms.gle/DeHZU6cvaAhGK7UWA) too.

Likewise, if you are able to volunteer, please fill out the [Volunteer
form](https://forms.gle/UNs8tHYXfqmi2gWL6).

Feel free to post one-off offers and requests in the group. If you have
resources to share, feel free to post this in the group too. Please use topics
to sort your posts.

## News

We are all flooded with information, and most of us are checking mainstream
sources way more than we should be. Please don’t post general news articles
about the virus.

We welcome news posts on topics that are relevant to queer mutual aid, or other
interlinked struggles, e.g. disability rights, rent strikes, economic justice,
workers rights, debt amnesty, information for migrants and refugees, etc. Also
welcome are posts that update how we can navigate mutual aid, e.g. food
handling information, new police powers.

## Networking and Calls to Action

Networking information and calls to action from other related groups is
welcome! Let’s move beyond mutual aid into mutual action.

## Memes

We don’t mind the odd meme. Please keep in mind that too many memes and ‘cute’
posts can drown out more vital information.

## Prescription Medication

Many of us are worried about access to necessary prescription medicine over the
next few months. While we have a variety of opinions on sharing prescription
meds, we have decided that we cannot allow sharing in the group. This is
because:

 - It may compromise people's ability to participate (e.g. medical professionals).
 - It endangers the existence of the group in this online space.
 - It potentially makes admins legally culpable.

Instead of directly requesting medicine, you could:

 - Ask for help ringing around pharmacies or finding a doctor.
 - Ask if someone can pick up your prescriptions for you.
 - Ask for cash help with doctor's appointments or pharmacy costs.

## Drugs and Other Illegal Substances

Organising your gear over a political Facebook group with 1400+ strangers is
not a good idea. Nothing on Facebook is ever really deleted, and remains
searchable by police and immigration forever.

Offering or requesting drugs in the group could lead to it being deleted.
Please use your personal networks for this.
